docs: Clarify use of routing table IDs in Cilium. (#40248)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/system_requirements.rst

``10 + <eni-interface-index>``. The base offset of 10 is chosen as it is highly
unlikely to collide with the main routing table which is between 253-255.

Cilium uses the following routing table IDs:

================= =========================================================
Route table ID    Purpose
================= =========================================================

> 200               IPSec routing rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
200               IPsec routing rules
```

but never mind

``10 + <eni-interface-index>``. The base offset of 10 is chosen as it is highly
unlikely to collide with the main routing table which is between 253-255.

Cilium uses the following routing table IDs:

================= =========================================================
Route table ID    Purpose
================= =========================================================
200               the default table ID to use for IPSec routing rules
202               the default table ID to use for VTEP routing rules
2004              the default table ID to use routing rules to the proxy

> 2005              the default table ID to use routing rules from the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2005              the default table ID to use routing rules from the proxy
```

For consistency.

Reviewer 2: One more point here: `the default table ID to use (for)` on each line is all redundant text that can also be removed.

================= =========================================================

> These routing table IDs are going to be managed by Cilium even if you're not using
> any of those features.

Reviewer: Please use present tense, I'd rephrase like this:

```suggestion
Cilium manages these routing table IDs even if none of the related features are in use.
```
